----第十天

 451. The tenant is discontented with the content of the agreement for renting the tennis tent.
 租客对承租网球帐篷协议的内容不满。
 452. The current occurrence of torrent spurs him to buy fur and sulfur.
 最近的洪流事件刺激他去买皮毛和硫磺。
 453. I'm confident that the dentist will deny the confidential accidental incident.
 我确信这个牙医将会否认这个秘密的意外事件。
 454. The student identified the identical idiom on the identity cards.
 学生鉴别身份证上完全相同的的成语。
 455. The stupid student rapidly studied the accident in the studio.
 愚蠢（乏味、麻木）的学生在工作室内快速学习这个意外事件。
 456. Considering considerable spiders outside, I stay in the president's residence.
 鉴于 外面有太多的蜘蛛，我留在校长的住处。
 457. Besides this side, I considered both the inside and outside.
 除了这一侧面，内外两面我都考虑了。
 458. It's evident that the evil devil inevitably goes to ruin.
 很明显，邪恶的魔鬼必定走向灭亡。
 459. In the company my companion accompanied me until I accomplished polishing the shoes.
 在公司，我的同伴一直陪伴着我，直到我完成了把鞋子抛光。
 460. I prepare to compare the two comparable parallel companies.
 我准备将那两个可比较的类似的公司进行比较。
 461. My neighbor knows the height and weight of the highjacked freight.
 我的邻居直到被抢劫的货物（船货）的高度和重量。
 462. The rebels labeled the labor laboring in the laboratory and lavatory.
 造反者将劳动操劳标记在实验室和厕所（盥洗室）。
 463. At 8 o'clock the clerk locked the flock of cocks in the room.
 在8点钟，职员将那群母鸡锁在房间内。
 464. The mocker knocked the stock with the knots on the stocking and sock.
 嘲弄者（模仿者）用长袜和短袜上的结敲打树干。
 465. I'm determined to permit the permanent term on detergent.
 我决定准许清洁剂上的永久条款。
 466. The committee admits it committed an omission in commissioning the mission.
 委员会允许在试运转这个任务期间犯一个遗漏（的错误）。
 467. The odd man added an additional riddle to the middle of the saddle.
 奇怪的男人在马鞍的中间额外加了一条谜语。
 468. The insult to the adult consulter results in multiplication of the faulty faucets.
 对那个成年咨询者的侮辱导致了成倍的有缺点的水龙头。
 469. The detective detected that the arch was under the marching Arctic architects' protection.
 侦探发现，这个拱门是在正在行军中的北极的建筑师保护之下的。
 470. In the college, I alleged that I recollected the dialog in dialect about the dial collection.
 在大学里，我声称，我回忆起了关于那个刻度盘收藏品的用方言的对话。
 471. In the selection the lecturer neglected the negligible negative reflection on the election.
 在这次选拔中，演讲者忽略了可以忽略的对选举的负面影响。
 472. The electrical connection in the photoelectric elevator involves electronics.
 在光电升降机（电梯）中的电路包括了电子学。
 473. The rising risk arises from the surprised fund raiser's praise of the appraisal.
 上升的危险来自于令人惊讶的资金筹集者对鉴定（估价、评价）的表扬（称赞）。
 474. The efficient ancient scientist had conscience in science.
 有效率的远古科学家对科学有良知。
 475. The eagle is eager to anger the tiger in danger.
 鹰渴望激怒在危险中的老虎。
 476. The language angel hanged up the gang and banged them at the angle of the triangle.
 语言天使举起了一伙人并把他们猛撞到三角形的一个角上。
 477. equal, equator, equation, equivalent, quiver
 相等的（胜任的，合适的，不相上下的），赤道，相等（平衡，等式，方程式），相等的（等价物），震动（颤抖）
 478. Qualified quality and adequate quantity are equally important.
 有资格的质量和足够的数量同等重要。
 479. Televisions and telescopes give the visitors visual ability to see the casual casualty.
 电视和望远镜给了来访者视觉的能力来看偶然的事故（伤亡人员）。
 480. The grown-up growled at a crowd of crows.
 成年人对一群乌鸦咆哮。
 481. I threw a row of arrows, which narrowly passed the narrow-minded man's eyebrows.
 我投掷了一排箭，勉强地（精细地）通过了小心眼的男人的眉毛。
 482. "Sorry, I'll borrow the lorry tomorrow," the sorrowful man said with worry in the corridor.
 “对不起，我明天要借卡车”，悲伤的男人焦急地在走廊中说。
 483. The signalman's signature sign is significant to the vacant vacation.
 通信兵的信号对空闲的假期是非常有意义（重要的）。
 484. The resigned designer is designated to an assignment of reigning the foreigners.
 顺从的（听天由命的）设计家被指派了一个支配外国人的任务。
 485. Because of the temperature tempo, I temporarily lost temper to my contemporary in the temple.
 因为温度的节奏（速度），我临时地对寺庙内与我同时代的人发火。
 486. The empty empire's emperor made an attempt to tempt the contemptuous man.
 空虚的帝国的皇帝尝试去吸引（引诱）那个轻蔑的人。
 487. The one-eyed man obeyed the obedient audience's order.
 独眼男人服从了温顺的听众的命令。
 488. The patriot's radar made the radical patient impatient.
 爱国者的雷达使得激进的病人不耐烦。
 489. From the experiment the experienced expert gained an unexpected expertise.
 从实验中，富有经验的专家获得了意想不到的专业知识。
 490. Details about the tailor's tail are available from the prevailing dailies.
 关于裁缝尾部的详细资料是从流行的日报中获得的。
 491. The sailor was nailed on the rail for he failed to trail the mail.
 因为追踪邮件失败，这个水手被钉在了横杆（围栏）上。
 492. The frank man put the first-rank blank blanket into the tan tank.
 坦白的男人将一流的空白的毯子放到了茶色的坦克（桶）内。
 493. Thanks to the bankrupt banker, my ankle avoided an injury.
 感谢破产的银行家，我的脚踝避免了一次伤害。
 494. After a shot the foot began to root and shoot in the boot.
 开枪之后，脚开始扎根不动并且从靴子里射击。
 495. The academic topic is why the blade of the spade is still sharp after decades' decay.
 这个学术专题（话题）是为什么铁锹的忍在数十年腐蚀之后依然锋利。
 496. The invader saw the shadow of the lampshade fade away.
 侵略者看到灯罩的影子（影像）慢慢减弱。
 497. The graduated comrade gradually graded the trademarks after the parade.
 毕业的伙伴在游行之后逐渐地将商标评级。
 498. Both the math pathfinders bathed in the bathtub.
 数学探险者（开创者）们都在浴缸中沐浴。
 499. In the thesis the synthetic symbol symbolizes sympathy.
 在论文中，这个人造的（合成的）符号代表同情（心）。
 500. For unity the units united into a unique union.
 为了团结，所有单位联合成唯一的联盟。 

