----第五天
16天记住7000考研单词的文本 
201. The loser closely enclosed himself in the closet.
 失败者将自己严密地装入壁橱（储藏间）中。
 202. The composer was proposed to decompose his composition into components.
 大家建议作曲家（作家）将自己的作品分解为多个部分
 203. Suppose you were exposed in the opposite position by your opponent, ...
 假设你的对手把你暴露于对立（对等/相反）的位置上
 204. The depositor positively positioned the preposition in that position on purpose.
 存款人断然地将介词故意放置到那个位置上
 205. In church the nurse cursed the people pursuing the purple purse.
 在教堂内，护士诅咒大家追赶（追踪/追求）那个紫色钱包
 206. The faculty for agricultural culture isn't difficult to cultivate.
 农业文化的能力（才能）不难培养
 207. The reservoir in the reserved preserve is an obstacle to the obstinate observer.
 在保留的保护区（禁区）内的水库对那个顽固的观察员来说是个障碍。
 208. The desert deserves the nervous servants to observe.
 这个沙漠值得那个不安的仆人观察（观测）。
 209. The bulk of the ruby rubbish on the pebble bubbles when stirred by bulbed rubber club.
 当用一个球状的橡皮棍（棒）搅动时，在小鹅卵石上的红宝石垃圾的体积会起泡。
 210. The adjective injected new meaning into the objected objective object.
 这个形容词为相反的客观物体（目标）注入了新的含义。
 211. The projector is subject to rejection and may be ejected from the project.
 设计者（还有放映机之意）招到了拒绝而且还有可能被驱逐出这个计划。
 212. A day goes through daybreak, morning, noon, afternoon, evening and midnight.
 一天经过了黎明、早晨、中午、下午、晚上和午夜。
 213. His affection for the defects is affected by the infectious perfect effect.
 他对这个缺点的感情受到了那个有感染力的完美的结果的影响。
 214. The critic's criticism is critical to the crisis.
 批评家的批评对这个危机来说非常危急。
 215. The director's indirect direction led to the incorrect erection of the rectifier.
 主任（导演）的间接的指导导致了校正者的不正确的安装。
 216. The prospective inspector prospected his prospect with his own perspective.
 预期的检查员根据自己的看法寻找他的前途（期望）。
 217. Two suspicious aspects are suspected respectively.
 两个外貌可疑（的人）分别受到怀疑。
 218. This section about insects is written by a respectable specialist.
 关于昆虫的这一章是由一个德高望重的专家写的。
 219. I assure the injured jury that a sure insurance is ensured.
 我对受伤的陪审团担保他们保证可以得到一张可*的保险单。
 220. My durable endurance made me endure the injury during insurance.
 我持久的忍耐力使我可以忍受保险期间的伤害。
 221. I can't endure the leisured man's measures for the treasures in the treasury.
 我不能忍受那个从容不迫（悠闲）的人对国库内的拆产进行估量。
 222. In the exchange the oranges are arranged into strange ranges.
 在这次交易中，桔子被安排到了奇怪的范围之内。
 223. The ashtray, splashed with ash, crashed with a clash in a flash while being washed.
 烟灰缸，溅满了灰，在洗它的时候咣的一声在一瞬间坠落了。
 224. He dashed to smash the fashionable ashtray with cash.
 他飞跑着去用现金打碎了那个时髦的烟灰缸。
 225. I feel a bit of bitterness for his ambitious exhibition.
 对于他的野心勃勃的展示品我感到有一点苦涩。
 226. On the orbit, the rabbits habitually inherited the merits of the inhabitants.
 在轨道上，兔子们习惯地遗传（继承）了居民们的优点。
 227. Her rejoicing voice is void of something avoidable.
 她欣喜的声音对于可避免的事情是无用的。
 228. I prefer the preferable preference you referred to in the reference books.
 我更喜欢你在参考书中提到的更优越的偏爱（优先选择）。
 229. The specialist specifically specified a special pacific means especially.
 专家明确地特别指出了一个特殊的和平方法。
 230. The speculator specifically specified the specification of this species specimen.
 投机者明确地将这种标本的规格（说明书）列入清单。
 231. I'm to be punished for publishing his bad reputation to the public of the republic.
 我将会因把他的坏名声发布给共和国的公众而受到惩罚。
 232. The drug trafficker is concerned about the condition of the traditional concert.
 这个药品商人很关心传统音乐会的条件。
 233. It's a fable that the cable enables the disabled man to be able to walk.
 电缆能使残疾人走路是一个寓言（神话）。
 234. The problem is that those who are out of jobs probably rob.
 问题是那些失去工作的人可能会抢劫。
 235. His wicked trick is to get the kids to kick bricks and lick the cricket ticket.
 他的邪恶的诡计是让那些小孩踢砖头和舔板球票。
 236. The thin sick chicken picks the thick sticky stick quickly.
 这个又瘦又病的小鸡飞快地挑选又稠又粘的棍子。
 237. The animals unanimously vanished from the mammal's room furnished with Spanish furniture.
 动物们毫无疑义地从那个由西班牙家具装备（装饰）的房间消失了。
 238. The loosened goose chooses the cheese to eat.
 被松开的鹅选择奶酪吃。
 239. By policy, the police impolitely sliced the politician's politics books.
 根据政策，警察无礼地将政治家的政治书籍切成薄片。
 240. At the neck of the wrecked deck, the reckoner checked the opaque cheque.
 在拆毁的甲板的颈部，计算员检查了不透明的支票。
 241. The scholar foolishly took the school cooling pool for swimming pool.
 学者愚蠢地将学校的冷却池当成了游泳池。
 242. Having played golf, the wolf in wool rested on the tool stool in the zoo.
 打完高尔夫球之后，批着羊皮的狼在动物园的工具凳子上休息。
 243. Citizens in the city's civil buildings are all civilized.
 在这个城市的国民建筑物内的市民都很有礼貌。
 244. The pious man is dubious about the vicious civilian's vivid description of his vicinity to his wife.
 这个虔诚的男人怀疑他周围不道德的平民对他妻子的生动描述。
 245. The corps' corn in the corner is scorned by the stubborn corporation.
 军团在角落里的谷物受到了顽固的公司（社团）的嘲笑。
 246. The attorney's horn lies horizontally in the thorns.
 律师的号水平地躺在荆棘中。
 247. I seem to deem his foreseeing of that the man will seek seeds in the weed.
 我好像相信他的预见人们将会在野草中寻找种子。
 248. The agreement disagrees in the degree of agreeable freedom.
 对于适合的自由的程度在协议中意见不一致。
 249. In the freezing breeze, the breeder greedily squeezed oil from the seeds.
 在寒冷的微风中，饲养员贪婪地从种子里面榨油。
 250. We need reed needles to speed the deed indeed.
 我们确实需要芦苇针来加快行动（契约）。

